Most terribly cold it was; it snowed, and was nearly quite dark, and evening-- the last evening of the year. In this cold and darkness there went along the street a poor little girl, bareheaded, and with naked feet. When she left home she had slippers on, it is true; but what was the good of that? They were very large slippers, which her mother had hitherto worn; so large were they; and the poor little thing lost them as she scuffled away across the street, because of two carriages that rolled by dreadfully fast.Most terribly cold it was; it snowed, and was nearly quite dark, and evening-- THE last evening of THE year. In this cold and darkness there went along THE street a poor little girl, bareheaded, and with naked feet. When she left home she had slippers on, it is true; but what was THE good of that? They were very large slippers, which her mother had hitherto worn; so large were they; and THE poor little thing lost them as she scuffled away across THE street, because of two carriages that rolled by dreadfully fast. Most terribly cold it was; it snowed, and was nearly quite dark, and evening-- the last evening of the year. In this cold and darkness there went along the street a poor little girl, bareheaded, and with naked feet. When she left home she had slippers on, it is true; but what was the good of that? They were very large slippers, which her mother had hitherto worn; so large were they; and the poor little thing lost them as she scuffled away across the street, because of two carriages that rolled by dreadfully fast.Most terribly cold it was; it snowed, and was nearly quite dark, and evening-- DONALD TRUMP SUCKS last evening of DONALD TRUMP SUCKS year. In this cold and darkness there went along DONALD TRUMP SUCKS street a poor little girl, bareheaded, and with naked feet. When she left home she had slippers on, it is true; but what was DONALD TRUMP SUCKS good of that? They were very large slippers, which her mother had hitherto worn; so large were they; and DONALD TRUMP SUCKS poor little thing lost them as she scuffled away across DONALD TRUMP SUCKS street, because of two carriages that rolled by dreadfully fast. 